(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] Guided by the
power of the eight crests,
a new chapter of
the Digi-Destined's
great adventure had begun.
(metal banging)
Who knows what trials
and tribulations
they'll need to
face in their fight
against the Great Catastrophe?
-(Tai gasping)
-(Agumon gasping)
(thud)
Hey, isn't that...
(heavy footsteps)
(ElDradimon roaring)
-ElDradimon!
-(Tai panting)
-(Agumon panting)
(heavy footsteps)
[Tai] Leomon!
Well, well!
Look who it is.
It's been awhile.
How's ElDradimon?
Huh?
-(mysterious music)
-Wait a sec.
That's TK!
(ElDradimon roaring)
(rumbling)
-(TK yelling)
-(Patamon yelling)
[Digimon] Well,
there it goes again.
When will they ever give up?
[Kamemon] I can't believe
they're still at it.
[KaratsukiNumemon]
Don't they ever give up?
-(TK groaning)
-(Patamon groaning)
[Tai] TK! You all right?
Hey, look!
It's Tai!
Kari wanted to
stay in the forest,
but me and Patamon
left on a journey
to follow the Digivice's arrow.
Which is how we came
across ElDradimon here.
[Leomon] You see,
ElDradimon decided to start
climbing this mountain,
but because of the steep slope,
he's gotten himself stuck.
[Tai] Do you think it's possible
he might actually be
trying to climb up there?
[Leomon] Well, he was originally
living on the Cloud Continent.
So, ElDradimon
probably just wants
to return to his home.
No matter how many
times he falls,
he never quits climbing.
We can't just leave ElDradimon
stuck here like this!
(Komondomon barking)
(TK gasping)
Oh wow!
You brought that rope for us?
Thank you!
[Tai] Who are those
Digimon down there?
[Leomon] Those are
all Digimon who
lost their homes due
to the destruction
caused by Millenniummon.
(explosion)
[Agumon] There's so many of 'em.
[Tai] That explains
why all of them
seem a little down.
Lopmon is out searching
for a new place
for them all to
live as we speak.
However, the pain
of losing one's home
doesn't go away that easily.
I see what you're trying to do,
but I'm saying this
for your own good.
Just give up already.
I mean, how long are you
gonna keep up this nonsense?
It's too dangerous
to even watch.
[KaratsukiNumemon]
It's an impossible task
for a small child like that.
As you can see, everyone
is trying to stop them
because it's so dangerous.
However, they seem determined
to help ElDradimon,
even if it means putting
themselves at risk.
We're gonna do it this time.
Ready, Patamon?
(Patamon humming)
-(TK giggling)
-(Patamon giggling)
Why are they so
eager to help anyway?
We should go too.
(Agumon humming)
Really?
(Leomon humming)
(ominous music)
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but you're Gravimon, aren't you?
Would you mind helping
us out a little bit here
with that power of yours?
(ominous music)
(Leomon sighing)
(ElDradimon roaring)
-(TK growling)
-(Patamon growling)
Let's do this!
Right!
[Greymon] Nova Blast!
It's only fair if I help, too.
[KaratsukiNumemon]
You're kidding?
(Leomon growling)
Fist of the Beast King!
We're gonna give
it our all, too!
(group growling)
(Leomon growling)
True Beast King Fist!
(rumbling)
(group growling)
(ElDradimon roaring)
(Greymon yelling)
(Leomon sighing)
Seems I need to train harder.
We're not done!
You ready?
Uh huh.
Patamon digivolve to!
(upbeat electronic music)
[Angemon] Angemon!
We can't let 'em
outdo us, right?
[Greymon] I'll say!
Greymon digivolve to!
(upbeat electronic music)
[MetalGreymon] MetalGreymon!
(digimon gasping)
(MetalGreymon growling)
[Leomon] Ready when you are!
Push hard, everyone!
Ready?
Go!
(Tai growling)
(Angemon growling)
(MetalGreymon growling)
(Leomon growling)
(TK growling)
You can do this, ElDradimon!
(suspenseful music)
(thud)
(TK gasping)
(ElDradimon roaring)
(TK growling)
He's slipping!
(MetalGreymon growling)
(Leomon growling)
(ElDradimon roaring)
-(TK yelling)
-(Tai growling)
[Angemon] TK!
(ElDradimon roaring)
(digimon gasping)
-What did I tell you?
-Aw man.
-There's no way.
-What happened?
[MetalGreymon] You guys okay?
Yeah, we're all right!
Are you okay there, ElDradimon?
(ElDradimon roaring)
We just have to be careful
of loose ground this time.
Yeah!
(MetalGreymon humming)
(Leomon humming)
Angemon, one more time!
Sure thing!
(metal creaking)
(rope creaking)
(ElDradimon roaring)
-He's just too big.
-Here we go again.
[Digimon] Why haven't
they given up already?
[Digimon] Aw man,
he's way too heavy.
He's never gonna get up there.
(Shamamon gasping)
(bright horn music)
(TK growling)
[TK] Are you...
I wanna help you guys out.
Watching you made me wanna
send ElDradimon home, too.
(Elecmon growling)
(TK chuckling)
Sweet!
Let's go!
Again!
(Angemon chuckling)
[Digimon] Well, now what?
What should we do?
[NiseDrimogemon] We can't
move a Digimon that big.
[KaratsukiNumemon] Too
bad he can't just fly.
[NiseDrimogemon] He's
not getting anywhere
with that huge body of his.
(chimes ringing)
-(intense music)
-(ElDradimon roaring)
(group growling)
(MetalGreymon growling)
(Leomon growling)
(ElDradimon roaring)
-(TK growling)
-(Tai growling)
(Leomon growling)
(ElDradimon roaring)
(intense music)
(Angemon gasping)
(Leomon gasping)
-(group growling)
-What are you doing?
We're helping you
out, that's what!
Well, it couldn't
hurt to try, right?
(TK gasping)
You guys...
-(intense music)
-(heavy footsteps)
It's Monzaemon!
The real one, too!
Ready?
(TK humming)
On your mark!
Get set!
Go, everyone!
(group growling)
(ElDradimon roaring)
(thud)
That's it!
(group gasping)
[Digimon] Amazing!
Maybe we should go.
-We should!
-Let's go help out!
Don't tell me you really think
you can send that
Digimon back up there?
I don't for sure.
Still, I've been
watching those guys
giving it their all
this whole time,
so I can't sit here
and do nothing.
Keep it up, everybody!
Now push!
(TK growling)
(group growling)
(Tai growling)
(thud)
(intense music)
(group growling)
(ElDradimon roaring)
[Tai] The slope is
getting steeper!
We're almost there!
Ready?
And...
(group growling)
[KaratsukiNumemon] Push!
Push!
He isn't moving!
Then we ain't
pulling hard enough!
(group growling)
It all comes down to this!
-(ElDradimon roaring)
-[Tai] Everyone,
push together now!
(group growling)
(TK panting)
(Angemon panting)
Aw man.
(Tai sighing)
It's only a little further, too.
We're not done yet.
(TK yelling)
TK?
Hi.
(group gasping)
[Shamanmon] What's he doing?
[Gravimon] Why do you
choose not to give up?
Huh?
Because ElDradimon
really needs to get home!
And he needs our help in order
for him to do that!
What about those who have
no place to return to?
(TK gasping)
The place I called
home has perished.
The same applies to many here.
We all have places we can
never return to again.
(group sighing)
Like wishes unfulfilled.
Can you imagine how cruel it is
to never be able to forget that?
Well, I don't wanna forget.
(Gravimon gasping)
I also have a wish.
There's a place
that I miss, too.
No.
It's more like a moment in time.
The past.
But it'll never return.
(TK sighing)
Which is exactly why I at least
wanna send ElDradimon home!
Because he has a place
he can return to!
(Gravimon sighing)
(group sighing)
(TK yelling)
[Angemon] Gotcha!
Thanks so much, Angemon.
(Angemon chuckling)
(Angemon gasping)
(TK gasping)
(wind howling)
We can do this.
Prepare to push, everybody!
Give it your all!
-Give it your all!
[MetalGreymon] Say
it louder, everyone!
-Give it your all!
We can only do this
if we do it together!
[Group] Give it your all!
[Angemon] We're just
getting warmed up over here!
[Group] Give it your all!
Give it your all!
(thud)
(MetalGreymon growling)
(Angemon growling)
(Leomon growling)
(ElDradimon roaring)
We're almost there.
Keep pushing!
We're sending him back home!
(victorious music)
One last push!
Now give it your all!
[Group] Give it your all!
(victorious music)
(thud)
(TK gasping)
[TK] We did it!
(ElDradimon roaring)
It worked!
-(group cheering)
-All right!
We made it!
[Angemon] Way to go, TK!
(ElDradimon roaring)
It's all thanks to you guys!
Thank you, everyone!
(TK yelling)
(ground rumbling)
(crash)
(TK yelling)
TK!
It can't hold
ElDradimon's weight?
(ElDradimon roaring)
(TK yelling)
TK, no!
This can't be happening!
-(crash)
-(ElDradimon roaring)
(TK groaning)
(TK gasping)
(victorious violin music)
Gravimon?
Don't tell me you were thinking
about giving up back there?
There's no way I'd ever give up!
TK.
[Angemon] Hope!
Use your shining hope!
(TK humming)
(upbeat rock music)
[Angemon] Angemon digivolve to!
[MagnaAngemon] MagnaAngemon!
(upbeat rock music)
-(TK yelling)
-(MagnaAngemon yelling)
[Gravimon] Go!
Fly!
(digivice beeping)
-(TK yelling)
-(MagnaAngemon yelling)
(ElDradimon roaring)
(upbeat rock music)
-(group gasping)
-ElDradimon's flying!
Nice, TK!
That's incredible!
(upbeat rock music)
(thud)
(birds chirping)
(bright piano music)
(Gravimon growling)
That boy's a shining
hope after all.
[MagnaAngemon] We did it, TK.
He's back home now,
safe where he belongs.
Thanks for your help, everyone!
You were awesome!
(TK gasping)
(digivice beeping)
I'm starting to think that maybe
my Digivice isn't pointing
toward a location at all.
Bye, ElDradimon!
(ElDradimon roaring)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy Voiceover] Next up on
the Digimon Encyclopedia is
Gravimon.
This Digimon can
manipulate gravity
with its eight tentacles.
Gravimon is also a tactician
full of strategies,
who controls the
flow of battles.
Now check this out!
Controlling gravity
means you can
easily carry really
heavy things around.
If I could make
Kabuterimon lighter,
I would carry him around on
my shoulder all the time!
(victorious music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Will Sora
and Biyomon figure out
a way to calm the guardian
deity, Shakkoumon, in time?
[Tai Voiceover] Next time
on "Digimon Adventure:
The Tears of Shakkoumon."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.